docs: add security model to ics27 docs (#841)
cosmos/ibc-go: docs/app-modules/interchain-accounts/overview.md

`Interchain Account`: An account on a host chain. An interchain account has all the capabilities of a normal account. However, rather than signing transactions with a private key, a controller chain's authentication module will send IBC packets to the host chain which signals what transactions the interchain account should execute.
	
## SDK Security Model

> SDK modules on a chain are currently assumed to be trustworthy. 
> There are no checks in place to prevent an untrustworthy module from accessing the bank keeper.
> The implementation of ICS27 on ibc-go uses this assumption in its security considerations. 
> The implementation assumes the authentication module will not try to open channels on owner addresses it does not control. 
> The implementation assumes other IBC application modules will not bind to ports within the ICS27 namespace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDK modules on a chain are assumed to be trustworthy.  For example, there are no checks to prevent an untrustworthy module from accessing the bank keeper.

The implementation of ICS27 on ibc-go uses this assumption in its security considerations. The implementation assumes the authentication module will not try to open channels on owner addresses it does not control. 

The implementation assumes other IBC application modules will not bind to ports within the ICS27 namespace. 
```
